this is a tour of Jesse's hilltop
rabbitry of my barn and all the animals
that I have here I uh those are the
chickens they're free roam during the
day I have them penned in at night
that's the field with the pony in one
goat the other goats out back it's a
little messy today this is the inside of
the barn this is my everlasting shadow
from Devon blow ham is lunatic fringe
from Devon hey stall for the pony in
goat at night party girl in her little
doe panache she's not the friendliest
up here is kodak moment who is hey don't
eat she's kind of pulling fur cuz she's
doing a few in a week I think blow her
is epic she wanted us to breed it back
for she's due in a week to right there
is where I keep my chickens during the
night and on rainier bad night back here
is the Ducks there i have for docs the
other ducks are free roaming right now i
just got these guys in because she has
ducklings and shut up she's gonna attack
me those are her ducklings so that's
Jesse's hilltop rabbitry I have
basically just those animals here I
don't know where my male goat is thanks